[data] Add streaming execution documentation (#33941)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/data/pipelining-compute.rst

.. _pipelining_datasets:

.. note::

  The DatasetPipeline is expected to be deprecated in Ray 2.5. If your use case doesn't

>   need per-window shuffle, we recommend using the streaming execution of Dataset. By

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  need per-window shuffle, we recommend using just plain Datasets, which supports streaming execution by default in Ray 2.4.
```

  setting the resource limits, you can cap the resource usage to run the operations

>   as the DatasetPipeline window, and achieve even better performance and stability.

Reviewer: Resources limits are too much detail to mention here.

Author: Makes sense, dropped.
